Updated meta descriptions flagged as 'too short' (#724)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/concepts/advanced-matrices.md

---
title: Advanced matrix concepts

> description: Learn about eigenvectors, eigenvalues and exponentials, the fundamental tools used to describe and implement quantum algorithms. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about eigenvectors, eigenvalues, and matrix exponentials, the fundamental tools used to describe and simulate quantum algorithms. 
```
By way of context, linear algebra is not used to implement quantum computing, but to describe and predict what a quantum computer will do in response to a sequence of instructions.
